---
layout: post
title: The End
categories: []
tags: []
fullview: true
---

This past week was the final week of classes. Monday started off with a guest lecture from MutualMobile. Mobile App development is not my interest at heart, but I did take away a lot from his speech, regardless, such as contributing to open source and becoming an active member in learning all of the new technologies that are available for us. 

Wednesday and Friday were the days of our presentations. I was particularly fond of the Star Wars database (link: http://intergalacticdb.me/). Their user interface made for a very pleasant experience, and the information was shown in a format that was not confusing. 

Monday marks our Final Test, and last day of class. I'm quite unsure of what to study, since all Downing truly gives are bullet-points on what to look over, and that it will all be writing Python code. I think what my main focuses will be on are decorators, since I am unfamiliar with the functionality of them. My focuses will also be centered around writing SQL code in python and reviewing material from the previous Test. Since Test 1 focused on writing classes and unpacking/packing dictionaries in method parameters, reviewing for that test will really help solidify my confidence in writing Python code. 


**Tip of the Week:**

Decorators are an amazing feature in Python that I have yet to see in other languages (so it is exciting for me to finally get my hands dirty writing code with them). I wrote the following example, amongst the other little scripts I'm writing in preporation. The function, pi, is declared and basically a function wrapper around the area function. The following is a way to calculate the area of a circle: 

		def pi(f) :
		   def a(p) :
		       result = 3.14 * f(p)
		   return a

		@pi
		def area(r) :
		   result = r*r
		   return result

		area(2)

If you want further exploration into Decorators, check out this article: http://thecodeship.com/patterns/guide-to-python-function-decorators/

