---
layout: post
title: First Week
categories: []
tags: [CS371p Fall 2015]
fullview: true
---

This past Friday marked the conclusion of my first week in Object Oriented Programming. I'm excited about this class for personal reasons. Everyone entering this class knows how to program, that's a given. But the quality of the code you write is crucial, and is something that is often overlooked. In OOP, we're going to have the chance to learn how to structure our code so that there is improved reliablility and reusablility. 

What makes this class even more exciting is the fact that it is taught by one of my favorite professors, Dr. Downing. I had him this past semester for Software Engineering, and had a great experience. His teaching capabilities are unparalleled, and he does his best to make sure that his students are using the latest technologies available to date. 

My experience in the class so far has been wonderful (although it has only been two days). Dr. Downing does a good job at explaining the similarities and differences between C++ and Java, which is great for any Java Programmer looking at C++ for the first time. My only dislike is that Downing provides bonus points for posting 'notable' posts on Piazza, which causes people to abuse its power and post like crazy.  It's a Catch 22 situation though, because it is a wonderful way for the professor and students to communicate to the class as a whole, and reach out if there are any questions.

**Tip of the Week**

Haven't learned much in class yet, but I can give my opinion about one of my favorite text editors!

Vim is a wonderful tool. 'Nuf said. 
Check out this link: http://www.openvim.com/