---
layout: post
title: SQL, Regex, and Decorators ... Oh, my!
categories: []
tags: [CS373 Summer 2015]
fullview: true
---


This past week was quite an enjoyable week for our software engineering class. We began the week continuing our previous explorations into SQL expressions and statements. Some useful tips I have learned about SQL are:

<ul>
    <li>Joins are useful when you need data that is linked across one or more tables. </li>
    <li>If you need to combine related information from different rows withing a table, you 	can perform a join with the table itself. </li>
    <li>YSubqueries are used when the data needed requires more than one query to accomplish it.</li>
    <li>Subqueries are useful when MEMBERSHIP is in question.</li>
</ul>

On Wednesday, we had 2 guest lecturers from Atlassian, David Pope and Steve Ronderos, come in to give a talk about their products that they use. Their main focus was on their two most well-known projects, Jira and HipChat. However, what I enjoyed most about the talk was hearing thier experiences taking on projects, and the processes that follow it. Then, on the subsequent Friday, we were hit with new material. The class first started off learning about Regular Expressions in Python, and ended with discussions about Decorators. I wish I knew about decorators from the start of this class, because I would of loved to learn how to utilize those when building caches in the first couple of projects.

This week is presentation week for our projects. Overall, I would have to say it was a success. Our design is simple and attractive. We implemented a MySQL back-end database that successfully captured 500 Athletes, 20 Regions, and a growing amount of incoming Twitter and Instagram Feed. Our REST API performs GET requests that return the appropriate JSON response. 


Tip of the Week:

After coincidentally learning about Regex Expressions in class, my team and I actually had to build a script that processed Twitter and Instagram user accounts (handles) scrapped from the web. And, of course, we had to use regex. Yet, through all of the conditionals we had to keep track of, we found this one site to be a god send when it came to checking if our implementation was correct. Check it out: http://regexr.com/ 
