---
layout: post
title: Getting your hands Dirty!
categories: []
tags: []
fullview: true
---

This past weeks focus in class steared away from our traditional routine of reviewing Python code, methods, and functions. This past week, we got our hands dirty with JavaScript and SQL! I found the most beneficial exercise we did as a class was reveiwing SQL statements like Select, Project, Cross Join, Theta Join and Natural Join, and then writing the functions out in Python. 

I feel as though this is a topic we should have been learning before we started developing our three-phased project. It would of helped to gain some familiarity with what we were diving into, than to spend so much time scrambling to learn the basics. However, the upside of that con is that it re-enforces everything that I have learned. What better way to nail a topic in your head than to just get your hands dirty with it? 


The project seems to be coming along smoothly. This specific portion is geared towards getting our back-end database set up and secured. That way, we can populate our pages dynamically with info that we house in our database, as opposed to the previous phase in which our information was simply hard-coded in. Now that we have our MySQL database connected, we can house any given number of athletes, regions, and events.


**Tip of the Week**

I think its safe to say JavaScript is a step back from traditional programming languages, but has its advantages. I find "JavaScript: The Good Parts" by Douglas Crockford to be a great way to dive into learning the language for beginners. It definately will give you an appreciation language that you almost certainly didn't have before.
