---
layout: post
title: Treding new Waters
categories: []
tags: []
fullview: true
---


This past week was a **whirlwind**. I spent the weekend preparing for our first exam. Dispite not knowing about the exam until Friday, I did pretty well. A group of us gathered together and picked certain topics discussed about in class and made 'mini' exams, which we then tested each other on. It really helped to specialize in a certain area and help the greater whole of us get through the test. I ended up walking out of that test pretty confident in my answers.

The rest of the week, I was on the hunt for a team for our classes' 3-phased project. And thankfully, I was welcomed with open arms into a lovely gorup of 5 (including a grad student volunteer!). Our project's functionality is going to be similar to IMDB, where Actors are linked to Movies, and Movies to Production Companies, and the links between the three entities are endless. For our project, we are going to be building a web app called Crossfit.Social. It will be a social hub for all things crossfit, getting the general public access to information of their favorite Athletes and Events local to their Region. It will also be a social hub, converging various social media websites like Flikr, Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter.

So far, I have delved into some database backened work, along with handling feed and posts via the Twitter API. However, I believe the hardest part of this project is becoming accustomed to Django, the web framework we are going to be using. It's going to be a slow process, but once the ball gets rolling, I'm sure this project is going to consist of nothing but fun, unforgetable learning experiences. 

**Tip of the Week**

To get the ball rolling when creating your first Django app, check out the following Django tutorial:
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/intro/tutorial01/

