---
layout: post
title: Python
categories: [general]
tags: []
fullview: true
---

Python is a very **unique language**. I've coded in Python in the past, but not to the extent that I have these past couple of weeks. I made a couple of naive assumptions about Python before this class. One was the simple fact that Python is the most readable language, and because it almost seems like English, its easy to learn for any beginner programmer. I've been a CS major now for about two years, and Python is throwing me through loops I would of never pictured.

Here are some neat things I've learned about this past week exploring Python:
  <ul>
    <li>Containers and Iterable Structures in Python: lists, tuples, sets, dictionaries, and generators </li>
    <li>Tuples are immutable. Sets must be hashable. Generators are lazy. </li>
    <li>You can check an objects attributes with hasattr(). More specifically, use __iter__ or __next__ (and other comparables) to see if the object is iterable and/or indexable (respectively). </li>
    <li>When iterating over containers in Python, it is good practice to never index via some counter. Instead, to make your code more universal for other forms of input, iterate over your structures. This is because most containers in Python are iterable, and it makes your code more generic!</li>
  </ul>


Tip of The Week:

I found this neat little trick when reading some documents on Python. If you have an html file in your current local directory and run:

	python -m SimpleHTTPServer

You can pull up your web browser and type http://localhost:8000/ to view it.